README.md, before:

OMG It is Happening... An update for 8.3 Sniper
=========================================

A BIG shout out to u/turmixer123 on Reddit for helping test this update and giving me an idea on how to make this faster than TSM sniper for 8.3.


AnS [Auction Snipe] 
===========================
A lightweight addon for WoW auction sniping

Dependecies
=============
Requires AnS

(Optional) Undermine Journal addon for percentage calculations.

(Optional) TSM for percentage calculations.

(Optional) Auctionator addon for percentage calculations.


Note for 2.0 Regarding Max Percent
==================================================
Max percent may need to be adjusted higher than necessary if looking for equipment with the same id and varying levels of iLevels. Since, the initial browse query filtering is based on the base item id in pricing in TSM / TUJ / Auctionator. However, the final filtering is based on the item id + bonus ids, but only if the initial browse group is considered. You can combat cases of this by using a filter that will override the percent check in the final case and filter out the lower ilevels that are not really deals.


Note For 2.0 Regarding Custom Filters and Item IDs + Bonus IDs
==================================================
If using the initial 2.0 release then item ids in the custom filter must include the bonus ids if it is an equipment item, or if battle pet it must include the pet level and pet breed quality as well. 

An exact match expects item id + bonus ids for equipment, or if a battle pet then pet species id + pet level + pet breed quality.

Bonus IDs for equipment should be sorted low to high in order to match TSM ordering of bonus IDs.

If using 2.0.1, you can disable the exact matching on custom filters, so you can just use the base item id or pet id without needing bonus ids or pet level and pet breed quality.

Features
===============
* To filter out vendor items with unlimited quantities, will require a filter string of: tujdays ~= 252 and Undermine Journal addon

* Filters must be set before starting a sniping session
* Changes to filters during a running sniping session has no effect.
* To update filters stop and restart the session.

* Pre-built filters for:
    * Herbs
    * Ores
    * Fish
    * Cloth
    * Leather
    * Enchanting
    * Pets
    * Mounts

 * Allows for quick settings of:
    * Max Percent
    * Max Buyout
    * Min iLevel
    * Min Quality
    * CLevel Range
    * Name filter for further refinement

 * Take it to the next level with custom filters, pricing strings, and filter strings

How to Buy & Other Controls
==============
Double click an auction list item, and ba da bing, ba da boom. It will purchase it if it can.

Or set a key binding under ESC -&gt; Bindings -&gt; AnS to buy selected auctions via another button.

CTRL + Left Click will now blacklist the item id.

* Want to use the key bindings through TSM macros instead? Use the following functions: /run AuctionSnipe:BuySelected() and /run AuctionSnipe:BuyFirst()


Filter and Percent/Pricing Strings
=========================
A percent/pricing string must end up as a single numerical value

A filter string must end up as a boolean value

Lua operators can be used on strings

```
 >=, ~=, ==, <=, <, >, not, and, or, -, +, *, \
```

Predefined functions for use in strings:

```
first, check, iflte, iflt, ifgte, ifgt, ifeq, ifneq, avg, min, max, mod, abs, ceil, floor, round, random, log, log10, exp, sqrt
```

Predefined Item Variables:

```
vendorsell, percent, ppu, stacksize, buyout, ilevel, quality
```

Predefined TUJ Variables:

```
tujmarket, tujrecent, tujglobalmedian, tujglobalmean, tujage, tujdays, tujstddev, tujglobalstddev
```

Predefined TSM Variables:

```
dbmarket, dbminbuyout, dbhistorical, dbregionmarketavg, dbregionminbuyoutavg, dbregionhistorical, dbregionsaleavg, dbregionsalerate, dbregionsoldperday, dbglobalminbuyoutavg, dbglobalmarketavg, dbglobalhistorical, dbglobalsaleavg, dbglobalsalerate, dbglobalsoldperday
```

Predefined Auctionator Variables:

```
atrvalue
```

Predefined AnsAuctionData Variables:

```
ansmin, ansrecent, ansmarket, ans3day
```

Custom VARS
========
Custom variables can now be defined in ESC -&gt; Interface -&gt; Addons -&gt; AnS -&gt; Custom VARS

All the same info regarding filter and percent strings apply to these as well.

Percent Shorthand Now Supported
================================
You can do the following just like TSM:

```
10% dbmarketvalue
```
```
20% dbminbuyout
```

etc..


Filter and Percent/Pricing Strings Update:
========================================
As of version 1.0.4 you can use the following short hand operators: 

lt (less than), gt (greater than), gte (greater than equal), lte (less than equal), eq (equals), neq (not equals).

Quality shorthand: common, uncommon, rare, epic, legendary

As of version 1.0.4 short hand for money is available as such:

```
25g5s10c
```
```
25g10c
```
```
25g
```
```
5s10c
```
```
5s
```
```
10c
```


Using Percent Strings
===========================

Percent strings should always return 1 numerical value.


Example of Percent Strings
================================
avg of tujmarket and tujrecent

```
avg(tujmarket,tujrecent)
```

min of tujmarket and tujrecent

```
min(tujmarket,tujrecent)
```

min of dbmarket, tujmarket, tujrecent, dbregionmarketavg

```
min(dbmarket,tujmarket,tujrecent,dbregionmarketavg)
```

Using custom math in strings
===========
You can use any of the standard lua operators for math such as: * (multiply), \ (divide), + (add), - (subtract)

```
0.25 * min(tujmarket,tujrecent);
```

Using Filter Strings
====================
Filter strings should return a boolean value of true or false.

True means the item is valid and will be displayed.

False the item will not display.

Common Filter String Examples
=====================================
(Shorthand operators are only available in 1.0.4 and above)

Only show auctions less than 50%
------------------------------------
```
percent lt 50
```

Without shorthand
```
percent < 50
```

Only show auctions with a ppu less than equal to 5g
------------------------------------------
```
ppu lte 5g
```

Without shorthand
```
ppu <= 5 * 10000
```

Only show items with ilevel greater than 350
------------------------------------------
```
ilevel gt 350
```

Without shorthand
```
ilevel > 350
```

Only show items with a stacksize of greater than equal to 20
----------------------------------------
```
stacksize gte 20
```

Without shorthand
```
stacksize >= 20
```

Only show items that are rare and above
-----------------------------------------
```
quality gte rare
```

Without shorthand
```
quality >= 4
```

Combining More Than One Examples
===================================
quality common or better and ppu less than equal to 10g
--------------------------------------------
```
quality gte common and ppu lte 10g
```

Without shorthand
```
quality >= 1 and ppu <= 10 * 10000
```

iLevel greater than 350 and percent less than 50
----------------------------------------
```
ilevel gt 350 and percent lt 50
```

Without shorthand
```
ilevel > 350 and percent < 50
```

One or the Other Examples
============================
Only accept items that are less than 1000g or above 5000g ppu
------------------------------------------
```
ppu lt 1000g or ppu gt 5000g
```

Without shorthand
```
ppu < 1000 * 10000 or ppu > 5000 * 10000
```

Only accept items with stacksize 200 or ppu gt 200g and ppu lt 250g
-------------------------------------------------------
```
(stacksize eq 200) or (ppu gt 200g and ppu lt 250g)
```

Without shorthand
```
(stacksize == 200) or (ppu > 200 * 10000 and ppu < 250 * 10000)
```


AnS
==============

What is it?
--------------------------
It is a core library used for various things. But mainly for AnS [Auction Snipe].

It also handles the configuration and storage of custom filters and importing of filters from TSM groups.

Classes
--------------
* AnsCore (Handles loading of saved variables etc)
* AnsCore.API.Filter (Auction House Query Filtering)
* AnsCore.API.GroupQuery (Auction House Query Handler)
* AnsCore.API.Utils (Show pet battle tip, parse pet item link etc.)
* AnsConfig (Handles config options etc, adding new custom filters, importing tsm groups)
* AnsCore.API.Sources (Allows registering multiple price sources for filter / percent strings)
* AnsCore.API.BagScanner (Scanning items in bags)
* AnsCore.API.UI.Dropdown
* AnsCore.API.UI.TreeView
* AnsCore.API.UI.Graph

Data
---------
* Cloth
* Fish
* Herbs
* Enchanting
* Leather
* Mounts
* Ore
* Pets

UI Templates
--------------
* AnsFilterRowTemplate (For filters listing)
* AnsAuctionRowTemplate (For auction listings)
* AnsAuctionHeadingTemplate (For auction sort etc)
* SmallButtonTemplate

Font Templates
----------
* AnsFontOrange
* NumberFontNormalRightBlue
* GameFontLightGraySmall

TODO
===========
* Create other addon modules:
    * Analytics

Commit message:

Initial Commit of Experimental Changes

README.md, after:

Experimental Branch
========================
Do not use this in your live play sessions. This is for testing new stuff only. Experimental will be moved to live as it is ready.

AnS [Auction Snipe] 
===========================
A lightweight addon for WoW auction sniping

Dependecies
=============
Requires AnS

(Optional) Undermine Journal addon for percentage calculations.

(Optional) TSM for percentage calculations.

(Optional) Auctionator addon for percentage calculations.


Note for 2.0 Regarding Max Percent
==================================================
Max percent may need to be adjusted higher than necessary if looking for equipment with the same id and varying levels of iLevels. Since, the initial browse query filtering is based on the base item id in pricing in TSM / TUJ / Auctionator. However, the final filtering is based on the item id + bonus ids, but only if the initial browse group is considered. You can combat cases of this by using a filter that will override the percent check in the final case and filter out the lower ilevels that are not really deals.


Note For 2.0 Regarding Custom Filters and Item IDs + Bonus IDs
==================================================
If using the initial 2.0 release then item ids in the custom filter must include the bonus ids if it is an equipment item, or if battle pet it must include the pet level and pet breed quality as well. 

An exact match expects item id + bonus ids for equipment, or if a battle pet then pet species id + pet level + pet breed quality.

Bonus IDs for equipment should be sorted low to high in order to match TSM ordering of bonus IDs.

If using 2.0.1, you can disable the exact matching on custom filters, so you can just use the base item id or pet id without needing bonus ids or pet level and pet breed quality.

Features
===============
* To filter out vendor items with unlimited quantities, will require a filter string of: tujdays ~= 252 and Undermine Journal addon

* Filters must be set before starting a sniping session
* Changes to filters during a running sniping session has no effect.
* To update filters stop and restart the session.

* Pre-built filters for:
    * Herbs
    * Ores
    * Fish
    * Cloth
    * Leather
    * Enchanting
    * Pets
    * Mounts

 * Allows for quick settings of:
    * Max Percent
    * Max Buyout
    * Min iLevel
    * Min Quality
    * CLevel Range
    * Name filter for further refinement

 * Take it to the next level with custom filters, pricing strings, and filter strings

How to Buy & Other Controls
==============
Double click an auction list item, and ba da bing, ba da boom. It will purchase it if it can.

Or set a key binding under ESC -&gt; Bindings -&gt; AnS to buy selected auctions via another button.

CTRL + Left Click will now blacklist the item id.

* Want to use the key bindings through TSM macros instead? Use the following functions: /run AuctionSnipe:BuySelected() and /run AuctionSnipe:BuyFirst()


Filter and Percent/Pricing Strings
=========================
A percent/pricing string must end up as a single numerical value

A filter string must end up as a boolean value

Lua operators can be used on strings

```
 >=, ~=, ==, <=, <, >, not, and, or, -, +, *, \
```

Predefined functions for use in strings:

```
first, check, iflte, iflt, ifgte, ifgt, ifeq, ifneq, avg, min, max, mod, abs, ceil, floor, round, random, log, log10, exp, sqrt
```

Predefined Item Variables:

```
vendorsell, percent, ppu, stacksize, buyout, ilevel, quality
```

Predefined TUJ Variables:

```
tujmarket, tujrecent, tujglobalmedian, tujglobalmean, tujage, tujdays, tujstddev, tujglobalstddev
```

Predefined TSM Variables:

```
dbmarket, dbminbuyout, dbhistorical, dbregionmarketavg, dbregionminbuyoutavg, dbregionhistorical, dbregionsaleavg, dbregionsalerate, dbregionsoldperday, dbglobalminbuyoutavg, dbglobalmarketavg, dbglobalhistorical, dbglobalsaleavg, dbglobalsalerate, dbglobalsoldperday
```

Predefined Auctionator Variables:

```
atrvalue
```

Predefined AnsAuctionData Variables:

```
ansmin, ansrecent, ansmarket, ans3day
```

Custom VARS
========
Custom variables can now be defined in ESC -&gt; Interface -&gt; Addons -&gt; AnS -&gt; Custom VARS

All the same info regarding filter and percent strings apply to these as well.

Percent Shorthand Now Supported
================================
You can do the following just like TSM:

```
10% dbmarketvalue
```
```
20% dbminbuyout
```

etc..


Filter and Percent/Pricing Strings Update:
========================================
As of version 1.0.4 you can use the following short hand operators: 

lt (less than), gt (greater than), gte (greater than equal), lte (less than equal), eq (equals), neq (not equals).

Quality shorthand: common, uncommon, rare, epic, legendary

As of version 1.0.4 short hand for money is available as such:

```
25g5s10c
```
```
25g10c
```
```
25g
```
```
5s10c
```
```
5s
```
```
10c
```


Using Percent Strings
===========================

Percent strings should always return 1 numerical value.


Example of Percent Strings
================================
avg of tujmarket and tujrecent

```
avg(tujmarket,tujrecent)
```

min of tujmarket and tujrecent

```
min(tujmarket,tujrecent)
```

min of dbmarket, tujmarket, tujrecent, dbregionmarketavg

```
min(dbmarket,tujmarket,tujrecent,dbregionmarketavg)
```

Using custom math in strings
===========
You can use any of the standard lua operators for math such as: * (multiply), \ (divide), + (add), - (subtract)

```
0.25 * min(tujmarket,tujrecent);
```

Using Filter Strings
====================
Filter strings should return a boolean value of true or false.

True means the item is valid and will be displayed.

False the item will not display.

Common Filter String Examples
=====================================
(Shorthand operators are only available in 1.0.4 and above)

Only show auctions less than 50%
------------------------------------
```
percent lt 50
```

Without shorthand
```
percent < 50
```

Only show auctions with a ppu less than equal to 5g
------------------------------------------
```
ppu lte 5g
```

Without shorthand
```
ppu <= 5 * 10000
```

Only show items with ilevel greater than 350
------------------------------------------
```
ilevel gt 350
```

Without shorthand
```
ilevel > 350
```

Only show items with a stacksize of greater than equal to 20
----------------------------------------
```
stacksize gte 20
```

Without shorthand
```
stacksize >= 20
```

Only show items that are rare and above
-----------------------------------------
```
quality gte rare
```

Without shorthand
```
quality >= 4
```

Combining More Than One Examples
===================================
quality common or better and ppu less than equal to 10g
--------------------------------------------
```
quality gte common and ppu lte 10g
```

Without shorthand
```
quality >= 1 and ppu <= 10 * 10000
```

iLevel greater than 350 and percent less than 50
----------------------------------------
```
ilevel gt 350 and percent lt 50
```

Without shorthand
```
ilevel > 350 and percent < 50
```

One or the Other Examples
============================
Only accept items that are less than 1000g or above 5000g ppu
------------------------------------------
```
ppu lt 1000g or ppu gt 5000g
```

Without shorthand
```
ppu < 1000 * 10000 or ppu > 5000 * 10000
```

Only accept items with stacksize 200 or ppu gt 200g and ppu lt 250g
-------------------------------------------------------
```
(stacksize eq 200) or (ppu gt 200g and ppu lt 250g)
```

Without shorthand
```
(stacksize == 200) or (ppu > 200 * 10000 and ppu < 250 * 10000)
```


AnS
==============

What is it?
--------------------------
It is a core library used for various things. But mainly for AnS [Auction Snipe].

It also handles the configuration and storage of custom filters and importing of filters from TSM groups.

Classes
--------------
* AnsCore (Handles loading of saved variables etc)
* AnsCore.API.Filter (Auction House Query Filtering)
* AnsCore.API.GroupQuery (Auction House Query Handler)
* AnsCore.API.Utils (Show pet battle tip, parse pet item link etc.)
* AnsConfig (Handles config options etc, adding new custom filters, importing tsm groups)
* AnsCore.API.Sources (Allows registering multiple price sources for filter / percent strings)
* AnsCore.API.BagScanner (Scanning items in bags)
* AnsCore.API.UI.Dropdown
* AnsCore.API.UI.TreeView
* AnsCore.API.UI.Graph

Data
---------
* Cloth
* Fish
* Herbs
* Enchanting
* Leather
* Mounts
* Ore
* Pets

UI Templates
--------------
* AnsFilterRowTemplate (For filters listing)
* AnsAuctionRowTemplate (For auction listings)
* AnsAuctionHeadingTemplate (For auction sort etc)
* SmallButtonTemplate

Font Templates
----------
* AnsFontOrange
* NumberFontNormalRightBlue
* GameFontLightGraySmall

TODO
===========
* Create other addon modules:
    * Analytics
